Allow `@types/jest@30.x` as an optional peer dependency for `@emotion/jest` (#3344)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/long-rice-grab.md

---
'@emotion/jest': patch
---

> Added @types/jest 30 to @emotion/jest peer dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `@types/jest@30.x` as an optional peer dependency
```
